<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<rss version="2.0" xmlns:atom="http://www.w3.org/2005/Atom">
  <channel>
    <title>OSU CIA</title>
    <description>OSU Cyberinsfrastructure Association</description>
    <link>/</link>
    <atom:link href="/feed.xml" rel="self" type="application/rss+xml"/>
    <pubDate>Thu, 26 Jan 2017 13:27:40 -0600</pubDate>
    <lastBuildDate>Thu, 26 Jan 2017 13:27:40 -0600</lastBuildDate>
    <generator>Jekyll v3.2.1</generator>
    
      <item>
        <title>Third General Meeting</title>
        <description>&lt;h2 id=&quot;cyberinfrastructure-association&quot;&gt;Cyberinfrastructure Association&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&quot;meeting-agenda&quot;&gt;Meeting Agenda&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ol&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    &lt;p&gt;Call to Order: 6:13 p.m.&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;Roll Call
    &lt;ul&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Officers present: Matthew Whitlock (President),  Patrick McDonald (VP), Brandon White (Treasurer), Cameron Mehmken (Membership Chair), Christian Griffith (Marketing Chair)&lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Total Present: 10&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;/ul&gt;
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;Open Issues:
    &lt;ul&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Membership Fees
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Reviewed wording for by-laws, merged pull request since last voted on&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;/ul&gt;
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;New Business
    &lt;ul&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Cluster discussion
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Brandon created a spreadsheet to compare specs&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Orange Pi’s brought up as an option - a little more expensive but possibly more capable (also less documentation = could be more fun)&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Creation of “Teams”
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Software and Hardware Team Leaders were voted on to be created last meeting&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Elections done on Slack as a possibility - also looking at poll conductors, forms, etc.&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Leaders don’t need to be experts but need to be committed and organized, willing to ask and learn, and keep their teams on task&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Software Leader could help guide “Virtual Machine Cluster”
            &lt;ul&gt;
              &lt;li&gt;Get the virtual machine running without having to wait for hardware&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;/ul&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Training Sessions
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;New User Training&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Software Carpentry workshops&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Polls for content &amp;amp; dates&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Competitions
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Too late for SC16, look at putting an “Oklahoma team” together for SC17 or SC18&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;SC cluster competitions involve: 48 hours, need vendors&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Tulsa Competition - April 2017
            &lt;ul&gt;
              &lt;li&gt;One day, need SD cards, programming involved - look at vendors&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;/ul&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;/ul&gt;
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;Adjournment - 6:50 p.m.&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Mon, 10 Oct 2016 13:00:00 -0500</pubDate>
        <link>/2016/10/10/GeneralMeeting/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">/2016/10/10/GeneralMeeting/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>First General Meeting</title>
        <description>&lt;h2 id=&quot;cyberinfrastructure-association&quot;&gt;Cyberinfrastructure Association&lt;/h2&gt;

&lt;h3 id=&quot;meeting-agenda&quot;&gt;Meeting Agenda&lt;/h3&gt;

&lt;ol&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;
    &lt;p&gt;Call to Order&lt;/p&gt;
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;Roll Call
    &lt;ul&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Officers present: Matthew Whitlock (President), Brandon White (Treasurer), Cameron Mehmken (Membership Chair)&lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Total Present: 12&lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;/ul&gt;
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;Open Issues:
    &lt;ol&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Current Communication and services - Discussion
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Sign up for slack to recieve up-to-date information on club meetings, etc.&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Email with be used sparingly&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Membership Fees - Yea or Nay
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Vote was ‘all in favor’ or $5 annual membership fee&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Special Fun Distribution - Yea or Nay
            &lt;ul&gt;
              &lt;li&gt;Vote was ‘all in favor’ to earmark the membership fees to be used for membership discounts. Alternative uses require a supermajority vote.&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;/ul&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Club funds - Discussion
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;AFAP at the end of the fall semester - have a plan to present to SGA&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;College Councils are good funding sources but usually stipulations (A&amp;amp;S, CEAT, etc.)&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Also think of offices with a common/similar mission who could provide cosponsorship - again, usually with stipulations&lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Corporate sponsorship for special projects (Like building the cluster?)&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Club goals for the year - Discussion
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Main foal this year: to provide educational and skil-building opportinuties for CIA members - building the cluster, attending conferences, competitions, workshops, etc.&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Attendance requirements - Yea or Nay
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Those in attendance feel the $5 membership is probably enough incentive to keep members involved, but encourage Slack communication among regular members&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;/ol&gt;
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;New Business
    &lt;ol&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;New Cluster Computer - Discussion
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Members will contribute ideas for cluster components, ideas, etc. over the next month before meeting in the Tiny Titan Slack channel&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Creation of “Teams” - Yea or Nay
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;All in attendance agreed project teams were a good idea, but suggested that it’s important to make sure the teams stay connected and don’t get siloed&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
      &lt;li&gt;Call for further topics - Discussion
        &lt;ul&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;Association of Computing Machinery - Meeting was at 5:30 that day
            &lt;ul&gt;
              &lt;li&gt;The “unofficial” computer science club&lt;/li&gt;
            &lt;/ul&gt;
          &lt;/li&gt;
          &lt;li&gt;2016 OK-LSAMP Research Symposium - Sept. 24&lt;/li&gt;
        &lt;/ul&gt;
      &lt;/li&gt;
    &lt;/ol&gt;
  &lt;/li&gt;
  &lt;li&gt;Adjournment&lt;/li&gt;
&lt;/ol&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Wed, 31 Aug 2016 13:00:00 -0500</pubDate>
        <link>/2016/08/31/GeneralMeeting/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">/2016/08/31/GeneralMeeting/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
      <item>
        <title>Sample Post Title</title>
        <description>&lt;h1 id=&quot;hello&quot;&gt;Hello!&lt;/h1&gt;
</description>
        <pubDate>Wed, 03 Aug 2016 15:00:00 -0500</pubDate>
        <link>/2016/08/03/Sample/</link>
        <guid isPermaLink="true">/2016/08/03/Sample/</guid>
        
        
      </item>
    
  </channel>
</rss>
